# spark-ar-boilerplate
A boilerplate Spark AR project with Webpack.

Most of the magic is in the webpack config.

----

Updated for 2020 Spark AR. Cleaned up all files and simplified approach to run .arproj from root of project.

## Getting Started

- Clone or download this repository
- run `npm i` in the root folder
- Open the Spark AR project. If need to upgrade to another latest .arproj file, typically save the new copy of the Spark AR project, but also in root folder.
- Create a script asset called 'script.js' (typically, Spark AR default) for the .arproj project to initialise your localised `tsconfig.json` and `script.js` build into your the existing `/scripts` folder.
- The default tsconfig.json only provides Intellisense of Spark AR libraries in the root of `/scripts`, and not anywhere else (not even within subdirectories). (See last section on possible customisation approaches)
- `/scripts/index.js` is your entry point to begin compiling your file.

## Usage

### Development
- run `npm run dev`
- this will watch your files for changes and automatically build the code into script.js file.
- when the code is rebuilt Spark AR should refresh on code change

### Production
- run `npm run build`
- this just runs the build once and outputs a minified file

## TSConfig customisation notes:

- With a (manually modified) tsconfig.json generated by Spark AR, done by removing `"include":["*.js"]` within the json, intellisense could work within subdirectories of your scripts folder (and also apply to all other related file types like .ts files and such, not just js files). This may not be ideal, (depends on your prefered use case).
- Moving the file out manually to root will give you Spark  AR library intellisense access across all javascript files from root. This may also not be ideal as well.
